Update customer-support.md (#194)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/business-operations/customer-support.md

**Urgent and high priority ticket escalation process for Premium Support customers**

For urgent and high priority issues from our Premium Support customers, an automated escalation process will be activated to ensure 24x7 cover for these issues.

## Support Team metrics

> The Support Team is driven by three key metrics, First Reply Time, Next Reply Time and Customer Satisfaction.  Deatils of these metrics for our enterprise customers can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions#support-tickets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Support Team is driven by three key metrics: 
- First Reply Time
- Next Reply Time
- Customer Satisfaction.  

Details of these metrics for our Enterprise customers can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions#support-tickets).
```

> The Support Team is driven by three key metrics, First Reply Time, Next Reply Time and Customer Satisfaction.  Details of these metrics for our enterprise customers can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions#support-tickets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Support Team is driven by three key metrics: 
- First Reply Time
- Next Reply Time
- Customer Satisfaction.  

Details of these metrics for our Enterprise customers can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions#support-tickets).
